hey guys it's dave from computing
overcame first up in the tech news Apple
of sent out press invitations to a media
event on october 23rd the invite simply
says we've got a little more to show you
it's widely believed that Apple are
about to launch their new iPad Mini
along with possible updates to the mac
mini iMac and the introduction of the
13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display
moving on then Microsoft has finally
revealed the pricing for its new surface
RT tablet four hundred and ninety-nine
dollars for the 32 gigabyte model which
is actually pretty competitive when you
consider that the new iPad starts from
four hundred ninety nine dollars for the
16 gigabyte model but the RT tablet
doesn't come with its major party trick
selling point the touch cover it
actually costs an additional one hundred
dollars a major disappointment however
even though this thing is one hundred
dollars cheaper than the iPad when you
compare the storage part of me still
feels that this thing is overpriced
microsoft clearly chose this price point
because they wanted to give the
impression of a premium device but the
issue here is that the ipad is already
well established and in order to provide
sufficient competition to it microsoft
really should have made it cheaper
perhaps thrown in the touch cover as
part of the four hundred and ninety nine
dollar base model plus let's not lose
sight of the fact that the ipad actually
has a considerable app store where is
the one that will drive windows 8 and
windows RT's modern UI platform is
practically non-existent by comparison i
really would like to get behind these
tablets but unless this thing is
absolutely unbeatable then the current
price is going to prevent many consumers
from considering it next up acer have
introduced two new all-in-one desktop
pcs running windows 8 and they look
really amazing the aspire 7600 you and
5600 you these machines feature 23 inch
and 27 inch displays the latter of which
is a touch screen and the specs start
with a 2.4 gigahertz core i5 integrated
graphics 8 gigabytes of ram one terabyte
hard drive for 1150 dollars or 1,900
dollars for the 27 inch model with a
faster GPU and processor blu-ray and two
HDMI ports vessel wall mounts and Wi-Fi
are all included the design is really
something very minimalist and chic with
the transparent panel at the bottom
bezel and a rear hinge system that
allows you to tilt the screen face up 80
degrees
and finally guys I'll leave you with
today's tech question do you think that
the surface RT tablet is overpriced
that's it for now guys looking forward
to your comments as always be sure to
hit that like button you can follow me
on twitter at lack 78 and computing
forever can be found over on facebook
and i will see you in the next video bye
bye